enhancement: add missing features to make functional (#15)
go-vela/vela-terraform: DOCS.md

## Usage

**NOTE: by default Terraform runs in the current directory. Use `directory: path/to/tf/files` to point Terraform at a file or files.**

Sample of applying Terraform configuration:

```yaml
- name: apply
  image: target/vela-terraform:latest
  pull: true
  parameters:
    action: apply
    auto_approve: true # Required for versions of Terraform 0.12.x
```

Sample of destroying Terraform configuration:

```yaml
- name: destroy
  image: target/vela-terraform:latest
  pull: true
  parameters:
    action: destroy
    auto_approve: true # Required for versions of Terraform 0.12.x
```

> Sample of adding init options to Terraform configuration:

Reviewer: is the content for this missing intentionally? if so, maybe add `COMING SOON` treatment as done elsewhere

Sample of formatting Terraform configuration files:

```yaml
- name: fmt
  image: target/vela-terraform:latest
  pull: true
  parameters:
    action: fmt
```

Sample of planning Terraform configuration:

```yaml
- name: plan
  image: target/vela-terraform:latest
  pull: true
  parameters:
    action: plan
```

Sample of validating Terraform configuration:

```yaml
- name: validate
  image: target/vela-terraform:latest
  pull: true
  parameters:
    action: validate
```

## Secrets

> **NOTE: Users should refrain from configuring sensitive information in your pipeline in plain text.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: Users should refrain from configuring sensitive information in their pipeline in plain text.**
```

```diff
- name: apply
  image: target/vela-terraform:latest
  pull: true
+  secrets: [ github_token ]
  parameters:
    action: apply
    auto_approve: true # Required for versions of Terraform 0.12.x
```

## Parameters

The following parameters are used to configure the image:

| Name           | Description                                 | Required | Default |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `action`       | action to perform with Terraform            | `true`   | `N/A`   |

> | `directory`    | the directory for action to be performed on | `false`  | `N/A`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `directory`    | the directory where the action will be executed in | `false`  | `N/A`   |
```

> | `init_options` | the directory for action to be performed on | `false`  | `N/A`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `init_options` | options to use for configuring the image | `false`  | `N/A`   |
```

| `log_level`    | set the log level for the plugin            | `true`   | `info`  |

The following parameters can be used within the `init_options` to configure the image:

| Name              | Description                                                                           | Required | Default |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------- |
| `backend`         | configure the backend for this configuration                                          | `true`   | `N/A`   |
| `backend_configs` | this is merged with what is in the configuration file                                 | `true`   | `N/A`   |
| `force_copy`      | suppress prompts about copying state data                                             | `true`   | `N/A`   |
| `from_module`     | copy the contents of the given module into the target directory before initialization | `true`   | `N/A`   |

> | `get`             | Download any modules for this configuration                                           | `true`   | `N/A`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `get`             | download any modules for this configuration                                           | `true`   | `N/A`   |
```
looks like the majority is lower case

> | `get_plugins`     | Download any missing plugins for this configuration                                   | `true`   | `N/A`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `get_plugins`     | download any missing plugins for this configuration                                   | `true`   | `N/A`   |
```

| `input`           | ask for input for variables if not directly set                                       | `true`   | `N/A`   |
| `lock`            | lock the state file when locking is supported                                         | `false`  | `N/A`   |
| `lock_timeout`    | duration to retry a state lock                                                        | `false`  | `N/A`   |
| `no_color`        | disables colors in output                                                             | `false`  | `N/A`   |
| `plugin_dirs`     | directory containing plugin binaries; overrides all default search paths for plugins  | `false`  | `N/A`   |

> | `reconfigure`     | Reconfigure the backend, ignoring any saved configuration                             | `false`  | `N/A`   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `reconfigure`     | reconfigure the backend, ignoring any saved configuration                             | `false`  | `N/A`   |
```
